chore: add readme and some other docs (#106)
FuelLabs/fuels-wallet: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

# 💚 Contributing To Fuel Wallet

> Thanks for your interest in contributing to Fuel Wallet! This document outlines the process for installing dependencies and setting up Fuel Wallet for development, as well as some conventions on contributing to Fuel Wallet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks for your interest in contributing to Fuel Wallet! This document outlines the process for installing dependencies and setting up Fuel Wallet for development, as well as some conventions to improve your contributions.
```
